Do you think that rain makes you want to see the sky sometimes
sometimes sometimes you want to see the sky sometimes you crawl up
on the grass sometimes they stand at the top of a matt point that is afraid
you want to see the sun, the moon and the clouds like we do
I don't know do you think that the birds from above sometimes the world below
want to see earth like earthworms do
every day they see the same sky maybe sometimes they imagine
there is another world under the earth where earthworms fly
Sitting on the embankment and looking down imagine yourself like that
Earthworms sit underground on their own little street lamps and
look out to a world standing upside down when birds over a lake
Would you like to fly?
fish do imagine a second sun and
a second and underwater in front of which only fish can see because they
in the sky the sun see the moon and the clouds i think that they are
can imagine how the fish underwater in their own world with their
Live your own sun what do marine fish expect when they go to
water surface come that an octopus and something about them
hovers over him in another trampled ocean
yes that's how it will be earthworms want to see the sky birds want to see
See the earth and the fish were seeing the ocean high in the clouds
and how about a and bold what do you mean
I think cows want to see the sky too but they spend their time
Whole life in it to produce milk, millions of cool people live in factories
and never see the sky
i think pigs want to see the sky too, but millions of their kind
live their entire lives in factories just waiting to die
if you look up you only see a metal roof
and if you look down you only see a concrete floor
imagine that the world outside only has a metal sky and
the forests and fields are made of cement and steel
even earthworms want to see the sky